add initial agentic file for CVE resolution (#1734)
hmcts/idam-web-public: AGENTS.md

# AGENTS.md

## General

Plan code changes and summarise them for confirmation before applying them.

## Project Context

`idam-web-public` is expected to be replaced soon and is effectively in maintenance mode. Avoid large framework migrations or speculative dependency upgrades unless the user explicitly asks for them.

> Spring upgrade paths are limited because this is a JSP-based UI project on Spring Boot 2.7 / Spring Framework 5.3.x. Moving to Spring Boot 3 / Framework 6 is not a simple dependency bump: it brings Jakarta namespace changes and compatibility work across JSP, servlet, Spring MVC, Spring Security, embedded Tomcat, and related tag libraries. For Spring CVEs, first check whether a public compatible fix exists. If the only fix requires commercial Spring 5.3.x artifacts or a Spring Boot 3 / Framework 6 migration, assess application reachability and prefer a documented suppression when the vulnerable feature is not used.

Reviewer: Maybe strengthen so that “not used” is not interpreted differently 
```suggestion
Spring upgrade paths are limited because this is a JSP-based UI project on Spring Boot 2.7 / Spring Framework 5.3.x. Moving to Spring Boot 3 / Framework 6 is not a simple dependency bump: it brings Jakarta namespace changes and compatibility work across JSP, servlet, Spring MVC, Spring Security, embedded Tomcat, and related tag libraries. For Spring CVEs, first check whether a public compatible fix exists. If the only fix requires commercial Spring 5.3.x artifacts or a Spring Boot 3 / Framework 6 migration, assess application reachability and suppress only when the advisory preconditions are demonstrably unreachable in this application and document the evidence in the suppression rationale.
```

## Dependency-Check / Spring CVE Triage

Before changing dependencies or suppressions:

- Review `dependency-check-suppressions.xml` and keep new entries in the existing style: narrow GAV regex, CVE list, and application-specific rationale.
- For Spring CVEs, check the official Spring advisory and fixed versions first.
- Do not assume a Spring Framework override is safe just because a fixed version exists. Confirm public availability and compatibility with Spring Boot 2.7 first.
- Prefer suppression only after confirming that the advisory preconditions are not reachable in this application.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If a publicly available, Spring Boot 2.7-compatible fix exists, prefer upgrading to the fixed version rather than adding a suppression. Suppressions are only appropriate when no compatible public fix exists or when the fixed version would require a disproportionate framework migration.
- For non-Spring CVEs, prefer a compatible public upgrade where available. Add suppressions only when the finding is a false positive, the vulnerable code path is demonstrably unreachable, or the upgrade is incompatible/high-risk for this maintenance-mode application. Document the evidence in the suppression rationale.
```
